realtime: improve getting started guide (#38562)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/realtime/getting_started.mdx

```bash
conda install -c conda-forge supabase
```

</TabPanel>
</Tabs>

### 3. Create your first Channel

Channels are the foundation of Realtime. Think of them as rooms where clients can communicate. Each channel is identified by a topic name and if they are public or private.

<Tabs
  scrollable
  size="small"
  type="underlined"
  defaultActiveId="js"
  queryGroup="language"
>
<TabPanel id="js" label="JavaScript">

```ts
// Create a channel with a descriptive topic name
const channel = supabase.channel('room:lobby:messages', {
  config: { private: true }, // Recommended for production
})
```

</TabPanel>
<TabPanel id="dart" label="Flutter">

```dart
// Create a channel with a descriptive topic name
final channel = supabase.channel('room:lobby:messages');
```

</TabPanel>
<TabPanel id="swift" label="Swift">

```swift
// Create a channel with a descriptive topic name
let channel = supabase.realtimeV2.channel("room:lobby:messages")
```

</TabPanel>
<TabPanel id="python" label="Python">

```python
# Create a channel with a descriptive topic name
channel = supabase.channel('room:lobby:messages')
```

</TabPanel>
</Tabs>
### 2. Initialize the client

> Get your project URL and key from your [Supabase Dashboard](/dashboard/project/_/settings/api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get your project URL and key.

<$Partial path="api_settings.mdx" />
```

This is something new we're trying to use to standardise key instructions during the transition between anon and publishable.

})
```

</TabPanel>
<TabPanel id="dart" label="Flutter">

```dart
// Create a channel with a descriptive topic name
final channel = supabase.channel('room:lobby:messages');
```

</TabPanel>
<TabPanel id="swift" label="Swift">

```swift
// Create a channel with a descriptive topic name
let channel = supabase.realtimeV2.channel("room:lobby:messages")
```

</TabPanel>
<TabPanel id="python" label="Python">

```python
# Create a channel with a descriptive topic name
channel = supabase.channel('room:lobby:messages')
```

</TabPanel>
</Tabs>

### 4. Set up authorization

Since we're using a private channel, you need to create a basic RLS policy on the `realtime.messages` table to allow authenticated users to connect. Row Level Security (RLS) policies control who can access your Realtime channels based on user authentication and custom rules:

```sql
-- Allow authenticated users to receive broadcasts
CREATE POLICY "authenticated_users_can_receive" ON realtime.messages
  FOR SELECT TO authenticated USING (true);

-- Allow authenticated users to send broadcasts
CREATE POLICY "authenticated_users_can_send" ON realtime.messages
  FOR INSERT TO authenticated WITH CHECK (true);
```

> ### 5. Send and receive messages

Author: it's tricky to achieve that as this is very browser heavy as an example so it would be tricky to convey that easily

> ### 5. Send and receive messages

Author: would it be ok to tackle it in a different PR to prevent this one from being bigger? that way I might be able to also think about a better way to showcase the outcome of doing this code
